can you write me a android app in kotlin (or react native, if that's what you prefer) for an alarm clock? it only needs to have alarm functionality, nothing else needed. standard alarm app stuff but with more control assuming the user (me) is technical/smart enough. so repeating alarms offer wide range of options - from repeating daily, weekly, monthly, on a certain days of week, on certain dates of a month, repeat after every x days etc. the time selection should use the anolog-clock-like cicle thingy (DO NOT ask me to either type in, or use one of those rotating meters which take super long to change as you need to scroll so much). the app should be super optimized (so like how you expect alarm apps to be, no CPU usage when not being used, basically less than 100mb ram but why even that I think we should be able to get by with lower). you may assume android 15+ always. write flake.nix + .envrc to setup dev env -> the idea is that you use that to actually compile stuff and dev stuff but use the platform-provided emulator setup so that it gets best of both world. if using react native, use pnpm + nodejs, and if not, well I don't know shit about kotlin so use new(er) but still stable-ish stuff there I guess. no need to support any other platform like iOS. if you feel like you need to plan first, write down a markdown file instead of going into plan mode. verify your assumptions over internet if you are not confident.
the reason I am asking you to write yet another alarm app is that all the alarm apps I've used ALWAYS fucking never run on time like I usually have to set them 3-5 minutes early hoping they go out on time and that is simply not acceptable. but I also don't want alarm app doing something like constantly polling in background every second or something and consume CPU needlessly - surely there must be an OS supported way of doing thing on android?
finally, I would like it to sync with my google calendar, get all the events, and for the events I said yes I'll attend, let go of an alarm 5 minutes before, or if google exposes the reminder notification I've set for that event (like say 5 or 10 mins before) over the api, then use that instead. I can get you whatever token you need you'll just need to provide me with the steps, though I would prefer a smoother experience that doesn't require any gcloud setup or fetching token manually and if everything could link together automatically and I just need to press approve or something on android.
if you need clarification questions, DO NOT use claude code's built-in thing, instead list them down in a file or just keep them in your head and we will discuss them one-by-one in this session itself - flow will be you ask me the next question and I try to clarify until both of us are satisfied.
